# leet-day72

# Find the Difference

## Problem Description

You are given two strings, `s` and `t`. String `t` is generated by randomly shuffling string `s` and then adding one more letter at a random position. Your task is to find the letter that was added to `t`.

### Example

#### Input:

```cpp
s = "abcd"
t = "abcde"
```

#### Output:

```cpp
"e"
```

Explanation: 'e' is the letter that was added to string `t`.

#### Input:

```cpp
s = ""
t = "y"
```

#### Output:

```cpp
"y"
```

### Constraints

- 0 <= `s.length` <= 1000
- `t.length` == `s.length` + 1
- `s` and `t` consist of lowercase English letters.

## Approach

To solve this problem, we can use a simple approach that calculates the frequency of characters in both strings `s` and `t` and then finds the character with a higher count in `t`. The character with a higher count in `t` is the one that was added.

Here are the steps of the approach:

1. Initialize an array `count` of size 26 to count the frequencies of characters. Each element in `count` represents a lowercase English letter ('a' to 'z').

2. Count the frequencies of characters in string `s` and update the `count` array accordingly.

3. Update the `count` array again for string `t`, but this time, decrement the count for each character in `t`.

4. Finally, loop through the `count` array and find the character with a count of -1. This character corresponds to the added character in `t`.

5. Return the character found in step 4 as the result.

## Complexity Analysis

The time complexity of this approach is O(n), where n is the length of string `t`. This is because we iterate through both strings `s` and `t` once to calculate character frequencies.

The space complexity is O(1) because the `count` array has a constant size of 26 (for lowercase letters).

